The phenomenon of "flotillas" began to appear in Mexico
starting from the 1991 eclipse.
He grew up and soon became the cradle
of this phenomenon, that is tens, hundreds and thousands
of spheres that create formations in the sky.
However, this has also been recorded in other countries: recently
in Italy, in Milan, Antonio Urzi
in the center he took these exceptional images
which I will show you now.
A few days later, again in September,
Arturo Robles Gil has filmed one of these "flotillas"
at great height above Mexico City
but filmed very well, they are very good images.
You will see it! The phenomenon of "flotillas" continues! 0: 00: 55.100,0: 00: 54.720 Yohanan Díaz talks about it.
As part of the study on unidentified flying objects,
there is a theme, that of the "flotillas" of UFO, to which
in 2009 it was not possible to give a satisfactory answer.
However in Milan and on Mexico City, DF
this type of phenomenon is appearing.
Stay with us in the following service.
Along the history of the UFO phenomenon there is a topic that has captured
the attention of researchers and scholars of this phenomenon:
we refer to the UFO "flotillas", which we define as the whole
of apparently metallic spheres that fly over the cities and that
they move together in the sky sometimes at great speed
or on the contrary remain still to start moving
after a few minutes, as happened on 4 September 2009
above via Alessandro Manzini [sic!] in Milan, Italy.
On that occasion the "accalappiaufo" Antonio Urzi, considered
one of the most important in the world for quantity and quality
films taken in various parts of the world,
he had the fate of immortalizing such a manifestation.
Urzi declared to the portal "From heaven to earth"
to have bought his first video camera in 2003,
and since then he has managed to capture mysterious objects of all kinds
that flew over the place where he lives, and that the objects filmed
in early September they were no exception.
That day, finding himself in Milan, he noticed their presence in the sky
and began filming them by pointing up at his video camera.
Even a troupe of TG3 Lombardia that was on the street
they saw Urzi and began to film them too.
All this happened around 18.00.
Watch the movie yourself.
You can see the buildings of the city, Urzi can't keep still
the frame at first, and when he succeeds he films some
white objects above the headquarters of the Banca Commerciale Italiana.
These are white spheres that at some point seem to reflect
the sunlight. We must remember that it is evening
in that part of the world, and also
you can hear the background noise of the city.
These objects move very slowly, zooming
no thread or logo can be seen on the objects
that may make you think they are balloons.
But we note that they have an unpredictable behavior.
Some stay together for several minutes, but we realize that it is
several dozens of spheres flying over the center of Milan
creating different formations in the sky.
As reference points we see the electrical cables and the cornices of buildings.
And at minute 4:56 of the movie, Antonio films the RAI television crew
who in turn film the objects with their professional camera.
In all, the video lasts 6 minutes and 8 seconds, but the objects
they remained in the same position for much longer.
But Italy is not the only place where in recent weeks
flotillas of UFOs have been seen: also in Mexico City
and the "accalappiaufo" that filmed them is Arturo Robles Gil
in the Colonia del Valle. Last September 29th
at a quarter past ten in the morning, Gil was scanning the sky
when he first noticed an object at great height, it seemed
taller than the clouds and had an unusual luster.
Robles Gil took the video camera and tried to locate it in the viewfinder
moving it systematically, and when he managed to frame it
he began to film it and realized that it was a "flotilla" of spheres
the majority of which were hidden in the clouds.
The gray tone of the image is due to the intense cloudiness of that day.
As a reference we have the antenna shaft with its cable.
Robles succeeded in filming only 5 white spheres noting their intelligent movement;
at certain moments they seem to reflect the light of the sun.
Later in the video, you see it as one of them
hides behind a cloud.
With sightings in Milan and Mexico City
we realize that it would seem to be the same objects:
same shape, same color, same movements.
With the sighting of the "flotillas" in Milan and here over the capital
we realize that the phenomenon is constantly evolving and that
in 2009 we cannot give a satisfactory explanation.
My name is Yohanan Díaz Vargas, you are seeing "Tercer Milenio".
"Close Caption" subtitles in Italian: Luciano Drusetta